PARQUET-1222: [Format] Add details about sort order to README.md (#185)
apache/parquet-format: README.md

[logical-types]: LogicalTypes.md

### Sort Order

> Parquet stores min/max statistics at several levels (e.g. RowGroup, Page Index,
> etc). Comparison for values of a type follow the following logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parquet stores min/max statistics at several levels (such as Column Chunk,
Column Index and Data Page). Comparison for values of a type obey the
following rules:
```

1.  Each logical type has a specified comparison order. If a column is
    annotated with an unknown logical type, statistics may not be used
    for pruning data. The sort order for logical types is documented in
    the [LogicalTypes.md][logical-types] page.
2.  For primitives the following sort orders apply:

    * BOOLEAN - false, true

>     * INT32, INT64, FLOAT, DOUBLE - Signed comparison. Floating point values are

Reviewer: I would suggest making a separate list item for floating-point:
```suggestion
    * INT32, INT64 - Signed comparison.
    * FLOAT, DOUBLE - Signed comparison with special handling of NaNs
      and signed zeros. The details are documented in...
```

      not totally ordered due to special case like NaN. They require special
      handling when reading statistics. The details are documented in parquet.thrift in the

>       `ColumnOrder` union. They are summarized 

Author: done.
